minimum viable product. 

talking about middleman 
  not in bad enough shape for social worker doesnt mean good enough shape that they dont need help
  a feature to add 

hosting. 
matchmaking process?
priority 
  trust middleman to set priority properly.
  greedy algorithm, give to matching priority by date of request. 
need to figure out the location awareness element. 
  is the matching going on based on ... 
  ... so ... you say ... 
  middleman to middle man transfers?
  .. donator has an item, .. 
    give them the locations that need that. 
    automatically sort locations based on requests that match with what is about to be donated. 
    if they have a cart, this is where a greedy algorithm may be helpful. 
    on map show different pin color depending on matches
focus on minimum viable product. 
  small set of social workers. 
  need working site, ... 
    enter requests, 
    enter donations, 
  map features arent important 
  matching isnt important. 
  pie chart of request types... or some graphic way of saying what has the most demand. 
  want to have some way of seeing the requests, 
    is this minimum viable?
map of all locations vs map of match to 
there are no matches is the primary route, so just pass list of all locations. 
add feature for middleman to middle man item passing. 
  matching the need 


do we have ids, goal is not to be anon, so ... dont allow anonymous dropoffs. 
  facebook login (social)
  vs email. 
  both confirmation email from recipient to email
  neither get the hell out, we dont care. 
  either has dashboard to check at a later date.
  if has email send email with check dashboard. .. 
ashish and I will work on the backend
andrew will continue to work on styles, (ashish suggested bootstrap for themes)
james, will organize connections ... 





page by page json requests and input
 homepage 
  calls items fetches list 
  map page 
    receives donations, 
    pulls locations, and their times. 


building classes for json requests. 
  location
  donation
   
   items  
   location
   donor
   
  middleman
  recipient
  donor



sorry im late this morning, not sure if people actually showed up at 8ish
dont see any pull requests right now... but be there asap

talking this morning, may be more advantageous to include non clothing items 
  salvation army also assists with donating larger items appliances other. 
   food?

concrete tasks. 
 most of the site framing page list
   how it works
   signup / login
   location page, to show swaps that are set up and awaiting delivery
   select location page after setting up donation items
   enter requests 
   
 javascript for populating the page ... as well as cart js .. map js ... 
 python or php to deal with validation and db -> json requests
 page layouts css styling finalizing
 

completed tasks
  main layout for main page
  collected information for item types and locations 
  database design. 
  

main page design element
 donation requests at the bottom of the page, populated after click
  donate to fulfill
    test cases, looking for size, even if you arent a match can you help 
homepage. statically served. 
 javascript to populate ... what javascript framework are we using? 
 cart of donations
 onclick show options, size mens womens,
 pull names / requests for populating bottom section

sms requests. 
  ebt pin verify poverty?
  phone # 
  name 
  item desired   
  

recipient
  needs to opt in to a middleman / location. 
  middleman needs to manage their list of 

donate form 
 item description
 day of donation (send reminder email night before? beginning of day.)
 location of donation (sets hours available based on this)
 javascript locate based on zipcode.

 
 


what do we need to populate in the database.
 locations of salvation army stores.

worker at reception end 
 yes or no matches description 
  no goes to group description goes to salvation army
  yes goes to person who is looking for a specific item



